# HTML + CSS Layout Practice Project

This UI layout project is to revise and practice the layout to make the website responsive.

## Technologies and Tools

- **HTML**: The markup language used to structure content on the web.
- **CSS**: The stylesheet language used to describe the look and formatting of a document written in HTML.
- **Vite**: A modern front-end build tool that provides a faster and leaner development experience for modern web projects.

## Project Structure

The project is organized into the following directories and files:

- `.eslintrc.cjs`: Configuration file for ESLint, ensuring code quality and adherence to coding standards.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies files and directories that should be ignored by Git, preventing them from being tracked in version control.
- `index.html`: The main HTML file that serves as the entry point for the UI.
- `package-lock.json`: Automatically generated by npm, locks the versions of the installed packages for consistent installations across environments.
- `package.json`: Contains the project's dependencies, scripts, and other metadata.
- `public`: Directory for static assets like images and fonts that are served directly by the web server.
 - `vite.svg`: An SVG image file included in the public directory.
- `README.md`: Documentation file containing information about the project and instructions for usage.
- `src`: Directory containing the source code for the project.
- `style.css`: Contains all the CSS styles for the UI, including variables, universal selectors, and component-specific styles.
- `vite.config.js`: Configuration file for Vite, specifying build and development settings for the project.

## Development Workflow

To start developing locally, run the following command in the terminal:
bash npm run dev


This will launch the Vite development server, allowing you to see changes in real-time as you modify the code.

## Building the Project

To build the project for production, use the following command:

bash npm run build


This will compile and optimize the code for deployment.

## Linting Code Quality

To check the code for potential issues and ensure it adheres to the defined coding standards, run:
